this is what it's come to huh you were
the only that he sold I can tell my
secret too I painted every single one of
them every bigger me no one will ever
know but you come on let this is the
threat though what's that is that like
reefer you have a lot to learn
it's your name Margaret wouldn't you
rather clerk with those girls down there
no like you Margaret
wow this is all happening mighty quick
human deep or savor the child all Teresa
blessing hmm you're gonna love this
stuff
why their eyes so big the eyes are the
windows of the soul
that's why I paint them so big I've
always done it that way why are you mine
sadly people don't buy lady art the
painting says Keane I'm King hurricane
smile we're sold out they adore you'll
be guys who sells paintings and he sells
pictures of the pancreas and he sells
parts of pictures of the paintings good
god it's a movement honestly I can't
believe I'm here you're confused I
painted that what is troubling you I
lied to my child doesn't know that kind
of person is your husband that kind of
person
these painters are part of my being
maybe I could sign up myself
it sounds a bit confusing doesn't it
Keane means me you want to give back the
money if you tell anyone this Empire
collapses it's not surprised
it's like a garage from a distance he
looked like a painter and up closer it's
not much there dr. stateman
she's uh named
[Music]
you don't even know what the truth is
so who is the artist
[Music]